MandelBulb
A collection of fractals, inclusing the MandelBulb, Stacked Julia,
Quaternion Julia, IFS equations, and Apollonian Gaskets.

The panel on the left holds two kinds of controls:
buttons, and one or two dimensional widgets.

Widgets:
Mouse click on a widget to select it.
It's legend will turn Green.
You can also move the focus up/down with the '<' and '>' keys.
Press the assigned Hotkey character to move the focus directly.

Now on the image:
Mouse drag to control the widget's parameters.
You can also use the Arrow keys.

Buttons:
A button command is performed by Mouse clicking on the legend.

---------------------------------------------------------------

Note: Press <1> to toggle display of the Control Panel.
Note: Use can exit program by press the <esc> key.

Image Rotation
Hold down the <option> key while you use the mouse to set the rotation direction and speed.
Click on the image to stop rotation.

---------------------------------------------------------------

E. Select Formula
   Tap on name to launch the Formula popup.
   The corresponding parameters widgets are displayed directly below.

R,G,B.
   Bounding box axis controls move the Bounding box in the respective direction.
   Use the mouse or arrow keys to move the bounding box.
   When you stop the image is re-calculated at this new position.

S.
   Control the size of the bounding box.
   Use the mouse or arrow keys to change the size of the bounding box.
   When you stop the image is re-calculated at this new zoom size.

Show Axes.
   Show/Hide the axes legends and bounding box.

Histogram Graph.
   Histogram View displays the relative number of points at each iteration level.
   Use this graph to select which points are rendered.
   You can scroll the active region bars by dragging the mouse across the graph,
   or use the following widgets:

N. Center
   Position the center of the Histogram active region.

Spread.
   Control the width of the Histogram active region.

#######
   The number of points inside the active region.

PtSz #
   Select point size.

C. ColorEdit
   Launches the Color Edit panel. (not shown)
   This panel holds a collection of color bars,each assigned to a point Cloud value.

Directions for use :
   1. Tap on a bar to set its color from the palette index indicated by
      which part of the bar you tap.
   2. Tap bar a second time to set its color back to black.
   3. Drag mouse across the panel to set multiple bar colors.
   4. The "Center" and "Spread" widgets still work as before.
      If you use them they erase any editing you have done.

   Note: Drag on the Histogram graph to quickly move the colors.
   Note: Image is invisible until you set a color bar.

Palette.
   Cycle through four color palettes.

J. Smooth 1
   Smooth does a convolution on the points to remove spikes in the point values.

K. Smooth 2
   Smooth 2 does the same except stronger.

L. Quant 1
   Quant 1 quantizes or posterizes the point cloud values by removing selected point values.

M. Quant 2
   Quant 2 does the same idea on different point regions.

U. Undo
   VERY Limited Undo. You can only undo the most recent 'Calc'.

L. Save/Load
   Launch the Save/Load dialog.

8. Reset
   Reset parameters back to MandelBulb formula #1.

O. Stereo
   Stereo toggles stereo viewing on and off.
   The image is rendered twice, for 'cross-eyed' 3D viewing.
   With the iPad held two feet away, slightly cross
   your eyes so that there is a third image in the middle.
   Relax your gaze, and concentrate only on that middle image, which is in 3D.

Julia -----------
The Julia formula works differently: it calculates a series of two dimensional Julia set images,
then stacks them above each other within the bounding box.
The Red and Green axes scroll as usual, but the blue axis holds the stacked 2D Julia set drawings.
The Xaxis of the 4 widgets controls the parameters of the
first Julia set, while the Yaxis controls the parameters of the last Julia set.
All interior Jula sets linearly interpolate between these two.

Apollonian ------------
Note: Apollonian Gaskets comprise large tangent spheres.
Their color has been assigned to the first 'ColorEdit' slot.
If the spheres are not visible, tap 'ColorEdit', and set the color of the first bar.
Note: use the 'Scale' control to view the endlessly repeating pattern.
